Pre-bringup:

	x Find a good adjustable power supply and clips for the test
	x Write Windows and BJL code to allow remote I/O to Jag
	o Write the VHDL program for the CPLD.  Test it on the prototype board.
		This one just maps ROM+A22+RW to the various RD/WR lines
	o Write the CY16 boot loader and test it on the prototype board
		This one just enumerates the USB stick and parses fat and root dir

	These tasks get you ramped up on the tools in time for the board to arrive

Actual bringup:

x Check for shorts between ground and VCC and shield ground with multimeter
x Visually insepect all components for polarity and shorts
	x Look out for shorting shield ground to VBUS under J1 -- doh!
		That trace is 3.7mm south of mounting connector -- datasheet says 3.75
		Hopefully the solder mask is non-conductive  :-(
x Check that ground and VCC planes have good continuity -- they could be broken!

x Clamp jumpers to VCC and GND -- apply 5V and cross fingers
x Use multimeter to measure 3V+GND via JTAG interface
	3.32V @ 85ma -- good enough!
x Use USB to probe for EZ-HOST
	No reset required!
x Use JTAG cable to probe for CPLD
	XC9572 baby!

x If you get this far, you are a rock star
	Call me Bono!

x Test again, in Jaguar this time...  Watch Jaguar clock on JTAG interface
	Can't do... none of my tools allow that kind of scan

x Program CPLD to do a simple bus controller -- try to read AA55 and 55AA on Jaguar
	Works in 16-bit mode!  Woo!
x Program CPLD to do an async bus bridge to EZ and Flash, with HPI mode bootstrap
	x Try programming in dual word mode
		I CAN'T BELIEVE IT WORKS!
	x Try to read and write EZ memory -- confirm memory layout is as expected (endian swap)
		Endian is correct for 16-bit words -- slightly funky for 32-bit ones
		Strings are 'backwards'....

x If you get this far, you are a superhero
	Call me superskunk!

Erase Flash, program boot image, get it to boot

If you get this far, you are a diety

Test basic SPI read/write (audio loopback)
Test SPI master at 44.1KHz with audio loopback
Test EEPROM bit banging (just see if we can read/write A5)
Test UART at Doom speed (see if we can read/write A5)

If you get this far, you are done... send out for manufacturing

